RTIR: fix add-comment (#27549)
demisto/content: Packs/RTIR/ReleaseNotes/1_0_16.md

#### Integrations

##### RTIR

> - Fixed an issue where `rtir-edit-ticket` and `rtir-add-comment` failed running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the commands **rtir-edit-ticket** and **rtir-add-comment** failed to run.
```
